Add guide to troubleshoot Ballerina runtime (#4967)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/troubleshoot-ballerina-runtime.md

```
$ kill -SIGTRAP 28845
```
or
```
$ kill -5 28845
```

Then the dump of the runtime strands will be emitted to the standard output stream of the Ballerina program. 
You can see a sample below.
```text
Ballerina Strand Dump [2022/07/26 14:34:31]
===========================================
 
Current no. of strand groups    :       2
Current no. of strands          :       4
 
group 4 [QUEUED]: [1]
        strand 2 "main" [demo.strandDump.0:main] [WAITING]:
                at      demo.strandDump.0.1.0:main(main.bal:6)
 
group 5 [QUEUED]: [3]
        strand 3 "addResult" [demo.strandDump.0:main][2] [WAITING]:
                at      demo.strandDump.0.1.0:addnum(main.bal:22)
 
        strand 4 "sender" [demo.strandDump.0:addnum][3] [BLOCKED]:
                at      ballerina.lang.runtime.0.0.0:sleep(runtime.bal:61)
                        demo.strandDump.0.1.0:$lambda$_0(main.bal:13)
 
        strand 5 "receiver" [demo.strandDump.0:addnum][3] [BLOCKED ON WORKER MESSAGE RECEIVE]:
                at      demo.strandDump.0.1.0:$lambda$_1(main.bal:18)
 
===========================================
```

> ### Format and available details

Reviewer: Shall we have this?
```suggestion
### Output format and available details
```

---
layout: troubleshooting-ballerina-runtime-left-nav-pages-swanlake
title: Troubleshoot Ballerina runtime
description: Check out how you can troubleshoot and inspect Ballerina runtime.  
keywords: ballerina runtime, troubleshoot, strand dump, thread dump
permalink: /learn/troubleshoot-ballerina-runtime/
active: troubleshoot-ballerina-runtime
redirect_from:
  - /swan-lake/learn/troubleshoot-ballerina-runtime/
  - /swan-lake/learn/troubleshoot-ballerina-runtime
  - /learn/troubleshooting-ballerina-runtime/
  - /learn/troubleshooting-ballerina-runtime
  - /learn/ballerina-strand-dump/
  - /learn/ballerina-strand-dump
---

Ballerina runtime can have unexpected behaviors due to user code errors, bugs or issues with the running environment. 
These will result in memory leaks, CPU spinning, runtime hangs, performance degradation or crashes with various errors. 

> Ballerina provides a tool to dump the status of currently running strands.

Reviewer 2: @praneesha Can u review this introduction section.

program. For that you can use the `jps` tool. Then you need to send the `SIGTRAP` signal to the process. The strand 
dump will be produced to the standard output stream in the text format.

As an example, consider the following Ballerina program.

```ballerina
import ballerina/lang.runtime;
import ballerina/io;

public function main() {
    future<int> addResult = start addnum(1, 2);
    int|error addition = wait addResult;
    io:println(addition);
}

function addnum(int num1, int num2) returns int {

    worker sender {
        runtime:sleep(1000);
        num1 -> receiver;
    }

    worker receiver returns int {
        int firstNum = <- sender;
        return num2 + firstNum;
    }

    int intResult = wait receiver;
    return intResult;
}
```

Run this Ballerina package using
```
$ bal run
Compiling source
	demo/strandDump:0.1.0

Running executable
```

While the program is running, obtain its PID.
```
$ jps
3408 Main
28851 Jps
28845 $_init
```
Here for this program we get the PID as 28845, because `$_init` is the entry `class` filename of the Ballerina program. 

> To get the strand dump, send the `SIGTRAP` signal to that process. You can use the CLI command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the strand dump, send the `SIGTRAP` signal to that process. You can use the CLI command.
```

```
$ kill -SIGTRAP 28845
```
or
```
$ kill -5 28845
```

> Then the strand dump at that moment will be emitted to the standard output stream of the Ballerina program. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then the dump of the runtime strands will be emitted to the standard output stream of the Ballerina program. 
```
